doc/README file for Terminator.


If you don't see any hyperlinks, read the 'Properties Files'
section.

If you have problems with certain programs not working as
expected, see the 'TermInfo Files' section.


Properties Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In the sub-directory 'props-examples' there are some examples of
'.terminator' properties files.  The names should give you some
clues as to which one might be right for you.  Simply copy one of
these into your home directory, changing its name to
'.terminator', and then glance through the file to see if there's
anything which needs changing.  Typical examples of things you
might want to modify include the commands executed when hyperlinks
are clicked on.

You can, of course, add more types of hyperlinks by copying an
existing hyperlink entry, inventing a new name for it, and
modifying it as you see fit.  You'll need to know some regexp to
do this.  The regexp used is that built into the Java runtime
libraries (as of version 1.4), and is almost identical to the
syntax used in Perl regexp.


TermInfo Files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In the sub-directory 'terminfo' live two files, named terminator
and terminator.tic.  The first of these is a compiled terminfo
file, and the second is an uncompiled terminfo description file.

In order for Terminator to function properly on a system, that
system needs to have a proper terminfo description for
'terminator'.  This is basically like that for 'rxvt', with a few
tweaks, including turning off automatic line wrapping.  In order
to use this, either ask your sysadmin to add the 'terminator'
terminfo file to the host system, or place it in your home
directory.  In the latter case, the file must be placed in
'~/.terminfo/t/terminator'.

You may also play around with the 'terminator.tic' file provided if
you wish, in which case you must run the command 'tic
terminator.tic'.  This will create a compiled terminfo file which
will either be placed in /usr/share/terminfo, or in ~/.terminfo/,
depending upon whether your root, and whether a .terminfo
directory exists in your home directory.  For more details see the
man page for tic (execute 'man tic').

